---
layout: post
title: ""
tags:
---
> "[…] The Startup World is great because of this. So many people with so much
ambition, trying to squeeze out The Next Big Thing at every turn. Someone puts
together a weekend project and Hacker News descends on them, suggesting
Facebook integration! And real-time chat! And SEO! And node.js! And tips on
their first hire!

>

> I’ve also come to loathe this mentality, at times. It’s the same mentality
where someone whips up a two-page website and asks people to “review their
startup!” I think startup is a phrase that’s been abused. You’ve made a
project, or a mashup, or a hack, not a startup.

>

> And that’s cool! Embrace that. More people need to do stupid shit. I mean
that from the bottom of my heart. Don’t do it to make money. Don’t even do it
to learn hip new technology X. Do it for the sake of doing something stupid.
We’re in the most ridiculous industry on earth. You can whip something up in a
few hours and before you know it, people around the world will be using it.
That is insane. An architect or a fireman or a lawyer or anyone else can’t say
that for their profession or their hobby.

>

> _'when you don’t create things, you become defined by your tastes rather than
ability. your tastes only narrow & exclude people. so create.'_

> \- _why the lucky stiff
>

> Don’t be afraid to build things for the sake of building them. Since
Facelette launched, you know what’s put the biggest smile on my face? It
definitely wasn’t being TechCrunch’d; it was two tweets and a comment that
said Facelette put a smile on their faces."

-- Zach Holman on the buzz around [Facelette](http://zachholman.com/2010/10/facelette-on-techcrunch-in-three-hours-and-zero-dollars/).

